# Title

Platform for Inter-departmental cooperation (at city level) in Indian Cities, for sharing data & resources, unified phasing, planning and implementation of projects

## Background

Multiplicity of authorities and implementing agencies in Indian Urban landscape is one of the biggest challenges for urban governance. Not only does it lead to underutilization of resources available with various departments, execution of multiple projects at same site may also lead to interference and delays due to miscoordination. A digital platform for interdepartmental cooperation can potentially resolve these issues and make inter-departmental cooperation more streamlined. Example- A road developed by one agency, may get damaged due to installation of gas pipelines or utility ducts on road 2 months later. This can be resolved with preemptive collaboration between both implementing agencies. Description: The digital platform can provide solutions for- 1. Exchange of data and resources (technical expertise, machinery, technology etc.), and list of ongoing and upcoming projects between various agencies. 2. Scheduling of tasks, reports, and work distribution between agencies for projects categorized as "Inter-departmental" 3. Identification of projects in different departments which share the project site, and tools for assistance in organizing meetings of various departments, unified project phasing (to reduce costs incurred), planning and execution of projects. 4. Training and capacity building exercises, workshops & seminars. 5. Discussion forum with (Intra department, inter department, and public form sections. Expected Solution- A digital platform for interdepartmental cooperation which allows functions of- a. Registering departments, employees, officers, technical experts etc. with their accounts. b. Sharing data, ongoing projects with location, and inventory of available resources between departments/agencies. c. Creation of tasks, scheduling, reporting and work distribution across departments for inter-departmental and multi-departmental projects. d. Identification, unified phasing, planning, and implementation of projects on same site e. Discussion forum, with different forum sections allowing access to specific groups of users.
